# Introduction
The Ethereum Blockchain seeks no credentials to transact on its network, its singular rule of engagement requires payment for such transactions in its native currency *Ether*. This enables pseudonymous exchange between two parties without the need of a third party.  Such transactions can occur between two people or a person and a *Smart Contract* - programmes that are deployed on blockchain. Smart Contracts enable *Decentralised Applications* to be encoded to the blockchain inviting decentralised composability of code,  it is perhaps the greatest open source project ever been witnessed. However, such freedom and composability faces great challenges - Malicious actors. Ethereum approaches its 10 year anniversary this July, worth an industry disruptive 500 billion dollars  and produces significant value from assets held in smart contracts and the innovative protocols they enable. However, it also finds itself the host to multi-billion dollar fraud through exploits of its Smart Contacts. Such exploits are transparent through the access of an Ethereum node which records the entire history of transactions within the Ethereum Blockchain. It is through the parsing of this data anyone can witness brazen actors  steal millions and even taunt their victims through *on-chain* messages. However, raw Ethereum data is unclear, requiring legibility translation through third party applications such as *Etherscan* - A  Blockchain explorer that parses and indexes unreadable data to a human readable interface. Etherscan remains the primary source of human readable Ethereum data but lacks clarity within its *trace data*. Such data records the execution operations of externally launched transactions but more importantly code interactions  within the blockchain. Indeed, trace data is the definitive resource for analysing Smart Contract exploits yet lacks the lacks legibility for anyone unfamiliar with the inner workings of the Ethereum Virtual Machine *EVM*. 

We propose a new tool to visualise Ethereum transactions at the trace level. We present a UI interface for arbitrary blockchain transactions. Our tool illuminates the inner working of Ethereum transaction traces to a human legible level. Moreover, we identify contracts within the trace network, and identify specific points of interest within the trace.    

### Notes
